README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Deploy: Integrated Insight Engine, Gameplay Enhancements, and Strategic Documentation

README.md, after:

# Cat-Phish.com

## The Problem (Situation/Task)

In an era where 1-in-4 dating profiles are AI bots and romance scams are a billion-dollar industry, visual identity has become a primary vulnerability. Traditional "identity verification" is easily bypassed by high-fidelity deepfakes. The challenge was to build a "Human-in-the-Loop" architecture that proves humanity through Semantic Logic rather than just facial symmetry.

## The Solution

Cat-Phish.com utilizes a Zero Trust framework to verify users. Using Gemini 3’s native multimodality in AI Studio, the system intercepts selfies and generates consistent "Cat Personas" (Privacy-by-Design), ensuring no PII is exposed. I implemented the Forward Propagation Consensus (FPC) model: a "Semantic Leaky ReLU" activation where users must pass high-context "Logic Traps" to unlock the original image. The project integrates Firebase for secure data handling and was deployed via Antigravity CLI for streamlined environment management.

## The Result (Result)

Cat-Phish.com effectively neutralizes automated "romantic script" bots by requiring perspective-shifting responses that AI cannot yet mimic. It turns the Alice/Bob/Eve triad into a security feature, using an internal "Eve" agent to audit conversation consistency. The result is a lighter-hearted app with a serious mission: proving that cybersecurity fundamentals like Behavioral Biometrics and MitM defense are the future of digital social trust.
